Documentation improvments (#2129)
dotnet/iot: Documentation/README.md

1. **Iot.Device.Bindings** device bindings library. This is a collection of types which work as wrappers (or bindings) for devices and sensors which are able to talk to a microcontroller unit (or MCU like a Raspberry Pi for example) using the protocols supported by System.Device.Gpio. For example: [BME280](../src/devices/Bmxx80/README.md) is a temperature sensor which uses SPI and I2C in order to communicate with a MCU and is able to report the current temperature. Because the process of how to compute the temperature from the data is not trivial, we have a `Bme280` class which exposes friendly methods like `ReadTemperature()` which will internally use either SPI or I2C to get the current temperature value. In order to start adding a new binding, check out our [guide on how to contribute a new binding](../tools/templates/DeviceBindingTemplate/README.md). It is worth noting that even though all device bindings will be built and packaged as a single library (Iot.Device.Bindings), the code is split under src/devices on individual projects for easier development of a single binding and developer inner-loop.

> While contributing, you shoul read the [coding guidelines section](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/tree/master/Documentation#coding-guidelines), the [device conventions](./Devices-conventions.md) and also how to [best contribute to a binding](../src/devices/README.md#contributing-a-binding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While contributing, you should read the [coding guidelines section](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/tree/main/docs#coding-guidelines), the [device conventions](./Devices-conventions.md) and also how to [best contribute to a binding](../src/devices/README.md#contributing-a-binding).
```
